We're gonna do here is,
is we're gonna switch this map to a chain,
and we're gonna return
another Either in here.
So that's the flag.
If we didn't do map here,
we're gonna put in another tryCatch.
Hey, let's make a little parser
that does the same thing.
parseJSON, I wanna give you the contents,
and we'll make a little
parseJSON helper, contents and
does the exact same thing as that.
It just JSON.parse(contents)
in the middle.
Looks like this is a template for
a function I can extract, and
just parsing the function but.
There we go.
What do I do wrong?
[LAUGH] So parseJason(contents),
did something wrong.
Jason.parse(contents).
That's right.
Because we didn't call this chain.
And chain is not a function.
I didn't define chain on these.
Alright, let's do that.
That'd be fun.
But, let me just point out
that if I didn't fold this,
what's happening here
is this isn't config.
This is another either of config.
And so if we just return that right
then in there, let's get rid of this.
We get a right holding a right.
Because what we've done, is right here,
that returned us a right of some contents.
Then we mapped over that.
We took those contents, parsed it.
And now you've got to a right, and
then parseJSON returned to right.
So now we have a Right(Right)
of the actual parse contents.
That is the,
that's like the fundamental thing here.
I just want you all to like
really understand that,
that readFileSync returned
us a right of the stuff.
Since we mapped,
we just pass this in here.
Then we parse the JSON,
and we ended up with a Right(Right)
because we finished the map.
So we went back here, and
just put this function inside of it.
So, by calling chain here,
we will fix this problem.
So, let's go back to the actual
thing there, and define chain.
Let's find it for Left and Right.
So left chain is awesome.
It's just like, thank you for
your function, go home.
[LAUGH]
>> And then Right is just like box.
But this is where fold diverges,
because we actually Instead of doing
this where we would map and put it back in
the box, we expect f to return us a Right.
And this is not fold, it is chain.
And config is not defined.
Where did we lose our variable?
I see.
Cool.
So this basically flattens
it as a flat map.
Are we okay, cuz that's monads,
you're learning monads.
[LAUGH] feeling okay about it?
map chain, chain flattens apps.